# Some Thoughts
I had some feelings that I didn't have a prescribed place for, so I thought I'd practice a little more markdown and put them here.
## This Portfolio
I'm pretty proud of how this portfolio has come together to represent my ability to put together something from scratch in languages that I definitely didn't have any command over six months ago. The relative bareness of the bones of the site are to my liking, as I tend to prefer maximalism in my physical space and minimalism in my digital spaces. If we weren't asked originally to experiment with color schemes and styling them, I would likely have my portfolio be black and white. The Montserrat font is really the only aesthetic hill I want to die on; I get cranky when professors ask for a different one.
## The AI-lephant in the Room
I think I've struck a happy medium with my use of the planet-destroyer, demonic software, thanks to conversations with you and my therapist. If it were up to me, it would vanish overnight, but I also need to come to terms with my anxiety about its use if the [technofeudalists](https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Technofeudalism) are going to [enshittify](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enshittification) everything to the point that I can't web-search answers without AI intercession anymore, at least the planetary violence is \(apparently?\) systemic and not end-user. I just wish there was a way to ask it a troubleshooting question without it vomiting engagement-bait at me \(and trying to "do" the entire job for me\). I still loathe the technology, but I think it's useful where it's useful \(simple, pseudo-objective questions\) and nowhere else. I feel less guilty now.
## Group Work is Tough
This time was great though! If I can add anything else for emphasis, it's that Vicky and Nafisa were wonderful to work with. I think sometimes my anxieties about being the weakest link were true, but it was really nice to have a group of empathetic people to "struggle together" with. It helped a lot with my general feelings of frustration and isolation with online asynchronous classes.
## Closing 
Thank you for a great semester. I really did learn a lot! I hope to be in touch as I continue my PhD journey, and I will definitely take you up on the advice to write an article about my AI anxiety.